Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Subtitles by explosiveskull
[Girl] In ancient Russia.
people said.
do not walk around
the lake at night.
The mermaid is waiting there.
and as soon as you share
your feelings of love with
her. she will stun you
and she will tickle you.
dragging you to the bottom.
And if you try to
resist her charms.
you will not be forgiven.
She will separate you
from the one you love.
She will torture you until
your very last day on earth.
You can only save
yourself if you give her
your most precious thing.
[voices whispering]
But the drowned woman has
never released anyone.
Because they lost their
love. they perished.
And now. you will
meet the same fate.
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[haunting voice singing]
- [crickets chirping]
- [trees creaking]
[water lapping]
[Misha muttering]
Misha.
Stop this. please.
Don't say a word. I beg you.
Be silent.
You hear me?
[Misha panting]
[water splashes]
[Anya whimpers]
[Anya] Give him back. take me.
Give him back. take me.
- [Misha roars]
- [water splashing]
[Anya whimpering]
Anya!
- Hurry!
- [both grunting]
I'm sorry.
[haunting voice singing]
[wood creaking]
She's here.
[Anya gasps]
- [Misha groans]
- [water splashes]
[Anya gasps]
- [water splashing]
- Hand. give me your hand!
Give me your hand!
[Anya whimpering]
[water hissing]
[Roma] Knees together. point
your toes. that's good.
[Marina] Roma. tell
me about the house.
Is it roomy?
[Coach] That's enough for today.
- [water splashing]
- Try not to be late tomorrow.
[Roma] When I was a kid.
it seemed kinda big.
It's been 20 years
since I was last there.
And it's for sale. anyway.
[sentimental orchestral music]
So. we'll fix it up.
Why. and do what with it?
What do you mean?
Live there.
[both laughing]
- All right. that's it.
- Hey!
Come on now. try it. carefully.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
- Okay. now let go.
- Let go. shh.
- No. no. Roma. it won't work!
Come on. listen.
Nothing works unless
you try it yourself.
Trust the water.
it'll guide you.
I don't want to trust it.
Trust me then.
Okay. Okay.
- [Marina whimpers]
- [Roma grunts]
[water splashing]
[Marina gasping]
Hold on. hold on.
- [Ilya yelps]
- [water splashing]
Swim away. dude.
Hey. Marina. listen.
I gotta borrow
your fiancé today.
Why is that?
I'm arranging a
little entertainment
to celebrate the untimely
demise of his bachelorhood.
Ah. you are aware
that such things
often lead to the cancellation
of the wedding. right?
Ah. don't you worry.
I'll bring your boy home safe.
[chuckles] I'll come back alone.
We do have qualifications soon.
You wimpin' out?
Not me. you're the
one in trouble.
You won't be able to swim.
[laughs] I won't. huh?
Well. Kitaev. sounds
like a challenge.
[water splashes]
I mean it.
Race me two laps.
Let's see who won't
reach the line.
You're gonna lose.
Enough talk. come
over and prove it.
Okay. I'll be right back.
- Let go of the side.
- [water splashes]
Be proud of yourself.
[suspenseful synth music]
[water splashing]
I'll just. just trust it.
Trust the water.
[Marina laughs]
[water splashing]
- [Marina moaning]
- [suspenseful orchestral music]
[Marina whimpering]
[Marina gasping]
[water splashing]
Don't cry. you'll
get me next time.
[Marina whimpering]
[Marina gasping]
[Marina coughing]
Breathe. just breathe.
Look at me. everything's fine.
Just breathe.
Breathe.
[container bangs]
[glass clinks]
[knife tapping]
[faucet humming]
What's for dinner?
Faucet broke again.
Fix it. please.
Are you still mad
about the pool?
It was fine.
I got there in time.
[Marina] Roma. I can't swim.
You promised to be around.
I left you at the edge. right?
What happened?
[Ilya] So is she pissed at you?
[Roma] Yeah. it looks like it.
Ah. whatever.
She just freaked out a bit.
She'll get over it.
I shoulda stayed.
Come on.
The hell's that mean?
We're already gone. so what?
We'll see the house. chill out
for a while. enjoy
some fresh air.
- [spray can hissing]
- Take it easy.
I mean. it's normal to freak
out before the wedding.
You worry. so does he.
Where is he. by the way?
- Who?
- Roma. silly.
[chuckles] Probably
at the summer house.
What summer house?
Mm. the old one
your father gave us.
you know. as a wedding gift.
Wait. our father has shown up?
Olga. don't move.
I don't know.
He sent the deed. the keys.
told us to sell it off.
I would rather fix
it up. to be honest.
Strange.
What's strange?
We haven't seen
him for 20 years.
[dog whining]
- [crickets chirping]
- [gravel crunching]
[engine rumbling]
[dog barking]
[Roma] Wow. it's still a dump.
I thought he sold it ages ago.
[Ilya] What's wrong with him?
Your father. I mean.
Did you see the
lake around there?
Yeah.
It's where my mother drowned.
Father went nuts because
of it. but I was a kid.
I don't remember.
[Ilya] I see.
[Roma] Olga and I were
at our grandparents'.
I haven't seen him since.
[Ilya] Damn. that sounds bad.
Have you tried talking to him?
- [Roma] Who. my dad?
- [Ilya] Yeah.
- Give me some light.
- [keys clinking]
[lock clacking]
I don't even know him.
What can he tell me?
[door creaks]
About your mom. maybe.
[crickets chirping]
[dog barking]
[phone tapping]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[switch clicking]
Kit. we have electricity
in this place?
[Roma] Check for a fuse box.
A fuse box. he says.
[metal clangs]
[wood creaks]
[water splashes]
Ilya?
[wood creaking]
- [switch clanks]
- [electricity humming]
[water splashes]
Yeah. what you doing down here?
Put the light down.
Whoa!
There must have been a flood.
Need to clean the drain.
[car honks]
- [man] Yo!
- [man 2] Hey. hey!
- I think we're here. guys.
- Is this the place. man?
[Man] This place
looks haunted as shit.
- Come on. hurry up!
- What the hell is this. Ilya?
What do you think?
I told you we need to chill out.
Come on. it's fine.
- Yeah. yeah. come on in.
- I'm not in the mood.
I know you're not.
I'm fixing your mood. [laughs]
We used to tell fortunes
with my mom for fun.
We'd look into two mirrors
opposite each other
and see if we can
spot Mr. Right.
Well. did you see him?
[Olga] Course not.
it's nonsense.
What. burning your hair is not?
I don't believe in
the Mr. Right thing.
I do believe in
the power of hair.
and one shouldn't leave
it behind. even here.
Don't worry about Roma.
You're a great couple.
No need to fight. okay?
Okay. bye.
[door clanks]
[ominous orchestral music]
[faucet creaking]
[water rumbling]
[water splashing]
- All right!
- [men laughing]
Hey. guys. to the groom.
Marina's a nice girl. of course.
No. really. I mean it. but
this is a life sentence.
Yeah.
So. buddy. to
spend the last days
of your bachelor
life to the fullest.
[men laughing]
from us to you.
we got you a present.
Let's get this party started!
[Man] Yeah. yeah. bring 'em in!
- [upbeat synth music]
- [man whooping]
Oh. ho. ho!
[men whooping and whistling]
♪ Hey
♪ Hey. hey. hey
Guys. thank you.
No offense. okay.
you all have fun.
I gotta take a walk.
[Man] Ah. what?
He's acting weird.
- What happened?
- Come on. man.
- [phone beeping]
- [water lapping]
[phone rumbling]
[water hissing]
- [tools clanking]
- [Marina groans]
[Marina sighs]
[insects chirping]
[owl hooting]
[water splashing]
[water splashes]
[ominous synth music]
[water splashing]
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[voice hisses]
[Roma whimpers]
[phone rumbling]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[woman vocalizing]
[wind whistling]
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[Mermaid] Do you love me?
[phone beeps]
[Marina humming]
[ominous orchestral music]
[apple crunching]
[Ilya] Roma!
- Roma!
- Kitaev!
[Ilya] Kit. Kit!
- Where you at?
- Roma!
[Ilya] Kit. where are you?
[Man] Kitaev!
[Man] Roma. where are you?
Rome. what are you
doing on the ground?
[Man] Roma. what are
you doing on the ground?
[Ilya] Guys. give me a hand.
- Where's the girl?
- What girl?
- All right. let's go.
- There was a girl here.
Where is she?
What friggin' girl?
[water lapping]
[haunting voice singing]
- [birds chirping]
- [wind whistling]
[wind chimes tinkling]
[Marina moans]
Been there for long?
[chuckles] Long enough
to see these bloom.
[Marina laughs]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[Marina humming]
[brush clatters]
[ominous synth music]
[water splashing]
Your arms. Kitaev. your arms!
Ulyanov. speed up.
longer oars. longer!
Rodionov. how many
times do I need to say.
keep your elbows underwater?
What's going on. huh?
Qualification's tomorrow.
Rome. don't piss
away our hard work.
Did something happen. Rome?
Feel sick. got a fever. what?
Didn't sleep well.
I'll be fine by tomorrow. coach.
Uh-huh. first position.
Keep swimming 'til
you get it right.
Coach Nikolayevich. Marina and I
were planning on
having dinner together.
You could do that.
Up to you.
[dramatic orchestral music]
[water splashing]
[Marina gasps]
[lockers clanking]
Are you feeling all right?
I'm fine.
Doesn't look like it.
Everything's fine.
You sure?
Yeah. man.
[locker slams]
[shower hissing]
[water splashing]
[pipes groaning]
[shower hissing]
[water splashing]
[eerie synth music]
[handle thudding]
[drain roars]
[metal bangs]
[door clanking]
[mermaid creaking]
[Mermaid] Do you love me?
[pipe groans]
[water splashing]
[light clinking]
[Roma yelps]
- [upbeat synth music]
- [bell dings]
♪ Music. only music. energy
[radio hosts speaking
in foreign language]
[Roma coughing]
[ominous synth music]
Marina. stop it.
I'm not feeling very well.
[Marina giggles]
Enough already!
[ominous synth music]
I'll sue your damn
coach into the ground.
He shouldn't have let you
swim when you're this sick.
Here. drink it.
Lie down.
Come on. lie down. lie down.
[Roma coughs]
You're burning up.
I don't love you.
[Olga] How is he feeling?
Looks better. I guess. asleep.
Good.
[sighs] I was wondering. though.
why do you need to
fix the place up?
I mean. you can find
an agent and sell it.
Easier for everyone.
don't you think?
I don't know. I'd have to
discuss it with Roma first.
[Olga] Had another fight?
No. no.
Just. um. he's acting strange.
Maybe he met someone.
No way.
I found something.
- Look.
- Looks like junk.
Hold it closer.
[computer beeps]
Did you ask where it came from?
Mm-mm.
[Olga] See. you're
winding yourself up.
Go get some rest.
It'll be okay.
Thanks. Olga.
[Olga] Bye.
- See ya.
- [computer beeps]
[ominous orchestral music]
[cup cracks]
[liquid splashing]
[wood creaking]
- [faucet hisses]
- [handle thuds]
- [pipes rumbling]
- [glass rattling]
Rome?
[fabric rustling]
[shower hissing]
[ominous orchestral music]
[mermaid hissing]
[Marina gasps]
[door bangs]
[voice hisses]
- [water splashes]
- [eerie synth music]
[Marina gasps]
[Marina whimpering]
- [gasps]
- Quiet. be quiet.
Just a dream.
it was just a bad dream.
Shh.
[water splashing]
[Woman] He's got a nice speed.
It's impressive.
[Announcer] This race is over.
Attention. please. Kitaev.
Rodionov. get ready.
Okay. guys. keep your speed.
Remember the technique.
Ilya. elbows.
Roma. like yesterday.
Now. go on. good luck.
- Pass me a water.
- Yeah. sure. which one?
[Coach] Thank you.
[dramatic orchestral music]
[dramatic synth music]
[whistle blows]
[water splashing]
[Roma huffing]
[body thuds]
Do you love me?
No. no. no.
[mermaid shrieks]
[Roma gurgling]
[Man] Help. need
some help over here.
[Ilya] Hey. what happened?
What's wrong. is he all right?
[Man] Just breathe.
okay. just breathe.
We got you. come on.
Wake up. It's gonna be all
right. just hang on.
- Come on. all right?
- Breathe.
[monitors beeping]
There was a young girl.
barely a teenager.
I can't shake the
feeling she's around.
Every time I close my
eyes. I see her face.
[Olga] What face?
She's like a wild animal.
Roma. the doctor says
you got dehydrated.
You just need to sleep it off.
You're tired.
No. that's not the point.
Tell us more. Roma.
Where did you first see her?
On the lake.
She was wearing my shirt.
I was drawn to her.
He's delirious.
There was nobody there.
I swear I couldn't help myself.
We kissed. and I felt
like I couldn't breathe.
- Rome.
- Marina. I'm sorry.
I just couldn't help myself.
Please. Marina!
[ominous orchestral music]
Roma. listen to me.
What else do you remember?
- What did she look like?
- Okay. hold on.
[Olga] Roma. come back!
Marina.
Marina. Marina!
[Mermaid] He doesn't need you.
Marina?
[faucet hissing]
[water splashes]
[eerie synth music]
Marina.
Roma. what's wrong?
[faucet hisses]
[door slams]
[handle clanking]
Rome! [grunts]
[Marina] Somebody. please.
we need some help!
Hurry!
[door bangs]
Roma!
[Ilya] Kit. Kit. open up!
[Marina] Roma!
[mermaid roars]
[door bangs]
- [intense orchestral music]
- [rain hissing]
[Roma coughing]
He doesn't look good.
He's on death's door.
Should we take him back?
We have to go and meet
with someone first.
[thunder crashes]
[doorbell rings]
Hello. Dad.
[pencil scratching]
You gave Roma the house.
Why?
[Dad] You shouldn't
have come here.
- I'm sick.
- [dramatic orchestral music]
Roma saw the girl on the lake.
[pencil crunches]
With the long hair.
She took his shirt.
and now he's ill.
That's impossible.
She died a long time ago.
[Marina] Do you recognize this?
No. I don't.
Now. leave.
[pencil scratching]
Father. what exactly
happened 20 years ago?
- Olga.
- Speak up now!
- Olga!
- How did Mom die?
- Olga. that's enough!
- Your son may be next.
Leave me be!
I'm begging you. please!
- Tell us!
- Stop it. get out!
[Olga] You can't
hide your whole life.
She drowned. all right!
She drowned!
[door slams]
[Roma] Dad.
You... don't talk to her.
- Don't you dare talk to her!
- Who?
She'll take you away!
Don't you. don't
you dare! [cries]
[thunder rumbling]
I met her on the lake.
She asked if I loved her.
I didn't answer.
so she kept coming back.
torturing me the entire time.
I couldn't escape from her.
Your mother. she somehow
found a way to get rid of her.
I called her by her name.
but it didn't work.
and she took your mother away.
[water splashing]
She never came back.
[thunder rumbling]
From that day. everything lost
its meaning. everything but her.
I think about her
every single day.
Not your mom. but her. [sobs]
- I see her hair. her eyes.
- [wind whistling]
I can never forget her.
[thunder crashes]
[Olga] What did Mom
do specifically?
Not sure.
Under the old dock. she found
something under the water.
Except it won't
help you. my son.
She will drive you mad.
[Marina] Let's go
to this damn lake.
We need to know what
your mother did.
- [intense orchestral music]
- [rain hissing]
- [thunder rumbling]
[Roma coughing]
[Olga] Sit. sit. sit.
Everything okay?
[dramatic orchestral music]
[Rome coughs]
It's been 20 years.
but nothing here has changed.
[Ilya] Marina. you're not
mad at Kitaev. are you?
He was out of his mind.
you know.
[Marina] None of your business.
get in the water.
[Ilya] Everything'll be fine.
Stay with Roma. please.
Hey. swimmer boy. come with me.
So. what. are you in charge now?
Come on. we can't
do it without you.
Don't be scared.
- [water lapping]
- [wind whistling]
Please forgive me.
We can deal with this.
We'll sort it out together.
[Roma coughs]
[Marina] Let me
get you some water.
[birds chirping]
[water lapping]
Right here's where I found
him. with the comb next to him.
[Olga] Mm-hmm.
[wood creaking]
Take your clothes off.
You need to dive in.
Shit.
[metal clanking]
[wood thudding]
[spooky synth music]
[water splashes]
[water bubbling]
[birds chirping]
- [water bubbling]
- [ominous orchestral music]
[water lapping]
[grunts] Got it!
[metal clanking]
[water splashing]
- [Marina gasps]
- [pail clangs]
[thudding]
- [water splashes]
- [wind whistling]
[water splashing]
[door creaks]
[water bubbling]
[mermaid growls]
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[water lapping]
[water splashing]
- [Ilya yelps]
- Ilya!
[Ilya groaning]
Ilya!
- [Ilya grunting]
- [water splashing]
- [Olga grunting]
- [Ilya panting]
[water lapping]
[pants] Lisa.
Lisa Grigorieva's
her name. [pants]
[wood creaking]
[pan clinks]
[Lisa] Take what's yours.
Give me the loved one.
[fire roars]
Take what's yours.
Give me the loved one.
Take.
[door creaks]
[air whooshes]
[wood creaking]
Give me the loved one.
Take what's yours.
Give me the loved one!
- [Marina gasps]
- [Lisa shrieks]
[Marina whimpers]
- [Marina gasps]
- Give me the loved one!
[Marina grunts]
[intense synth music]
[birds cawing]
[door slams]
Roma! [gasps]
Rome.
Roma.
I saw her.
Who?
Your mother.
[water hisses]
[Roma grunts]
Rome!
[Roma banging]
Roma!
[Roma screams]
[Roma grunting]
[Roma roaring]
[Marina grunts]
[bones crackling]
[Lisa shrieks]
- [Marina grunts]
- [kick thuds]
[Roma groaning]
[door slams]
[door banging]
[hammer banging]
[kettle whistling]
- [water splashing]
- [Roma coughs]
Drink this.
You'll feel better.
Maybe it's all about the comb.
LG. Lisa Grigorieva.
[dramatic orchestral music]
Lisa.
Suicide.
What makes you think
she committed suicide?
Suicide victims weren't
buried in cemeteries.
So. what. they buried
her in the lake?
On the shore.
The lake spilled over
when the dam was built.
Well. what should we do?
[Olga] This has to be it.
We shouldn't have
taken her comb.
"Take what's yours and
give me the loved one."
You were saying that
power's in the hair.
Could the comb be it?
Your mom was performing
a ritual in the bath.
What do you think?
Ritual?
Well. it didn't work
for her. not an option.
What else is there?
I say we get out of here.
No. she'll find him anywhere.
We need to fight.
What is it. Rome?
Rome. what happened?
Are you cold?
Can I get you a blanket?
- Marina.
- [spooky synth music]
There's nobody under there.
[voice screams]
- [Marina coughing]
- [suspenseful orchestral music]
- [voice roars]
- [Marina whimpering]
[Marina panting]
We have to do something.
I'm trying the ritual.
[door creaks]
[wind whistling]
Do me a favor and stay here.
Are you sure?
[Marina] Yeah.
Scream if something goes wrong.
I'm here.
- [door thuds]
- [match hisses]
[spooky orchestral music]
[fire crackling]
[pan clinks]
[match hisses]
Lisa Grigorieva.
Take what's yours.
Give me the loved one.
[wood creaking]
[wind whistling]
[Olga] When I was a kid.
I had a dream.
[spooky orchestral music]
I'm in the house. alone.
Parents are out.
And then suddenly. I
hear someone outside.
He says. "Open the door."
but I don't open it.
And the door slowly
opens. all by itself.
Hinges creak.
The deadbolt turns.
Somehow. I'm on my
way to open the door.
Mom is standing there.
She looks at me and whispers.
"I'm taking the one who's
home alone. the one you love"
And I'm scared.
[woman vocalizing]
[Mermaid] Do you love me?
[Ilya] I do.
- [bones crackling]
- [suspenseful orchestral music]
[metal clanking]
Did you hear that?
Roma?
Roma.
What are you doing?
[Roma] Take me.
[Olga] Roma.
[Roma] I can't
bear this anymore.
Take me.
Roma!
What are you doing?
- Enough.
- I can't bear it.
- That's enough!
- I can't do this anymore.
- [both grunting]
- [suspenseful orchestral music]
[crowbar clangs]
- [punch thuds]
- [Olga groans]
[Olga gasping]
[Marina] Lisa Grigorieva.
take what's yours
and give me the loved one.
[haunting orchestral music]
[Olga] We used to tell
fortunes with my mom for fun.
We'd look into two mirrors
opposite each other
and see if we can
spot Mr. Right.
[water splashing]
[fire crackling]
[water bubbling]
Lisa Grigorieva.
take what's yours
and give me the loved one.
[eerie synth music]
[water splashes]
[air whooshes]
[Marina gasps]
[wind whistling]
[lock clanks]
- [Marina gasps]
- [water bubbling]
[water splashing]
- [thunder rumbling]
- [rain hissing]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[Lisa] Do you love me?
More than life itself.
[thunder rumbling]
[Lisa giggles]
- [upbeat orchestral music]
- [people chattering]
Look who's here.
No. no. go.
[Lisa] You said you loved
me more than life itself.
[haunting orchestral music]
- [Lisa shrieks]
- [mirror crashes]
Go away.
He doesn't love you.
[echo] Go away. go away.
go away. go away!
[Lisa roars]
[Woman shrieks] Murderer!
[Man] Murderer!
[water splashes]
[water bubbling]
[Olga gasping]
[Olga coughing]
[Olga whimpers]
Quiet. shh.
Quiet.
Marina.
Marina. Marina.
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[door bangs]
[door thudding]
[Roma grunts]
[door banging]
- [ax clanging]
- [wood crunching]
[spooky synth music]
[coughs] Marina.
[wood creaking]
[coughs] Marina. [coughs]
[suspenseful synth music]
Do you love me?
[voices whispering]
And me?
How 'bout me?
Do you love me?
- And me?
Choose me.
I love you.
[Lisa shrieking]
[gravestone crunches]
[fire hisses]
[insects chirping]
[door creaks]
[Marina] I think it worked.
She took the comb.
Not going to rain today.
[trees creaking]
[engine whines]
[engine beeps]
- [water splashing]
- [pail clanking]
- How are you?
- I'm fine.
- [hood slams]
- Get in. we're leaving.
[dramatic orchestral music]
Ready?
Your mother was beautiful.
Let's get out of here.
I do love you.
[eerie synth music]
[Roma] Where is Ilya?
He followed you.
Here.
Get in. I'll be right back.
Yo!
[water splashes]
[wood creaking]
Ilya.
[water splashing]
[Lisa] I'll take
everyone you love.
- [Lisa screeches]
- [Roma yelps]
- [water splashing]
- [suspenseful orchestral music]
[Roma grunting]
Roma!
Roma. hold on!
- Hold on to me!
- [Olga grunting]
Let's go!
[engine whining]
[engine rumbling]
Where's Ilya?
[Roma] She got to him.
What the?
[engine knocking]
[thunder crashing]
[rain tapping]
[engine knocking]
Come on.
Son of a...
- Roma!
- Wait a sec.
[door slams]
[suspenseful orchestral music]
Rome. Roma. Roma!
Roma. she's here!
Roma!
- Rome!
- [window banging]
[Lisa hissing]
[lock clicks]
What?
Rome!
[window banging]
[hood slams]
[Marina whimpers]
[water splashing]
[handles thudding]
[all grunting]
[window banging]
[Olga roars]
[doors banging]
[Olga screams]
[Roma grunts]
[spooky synth music]
[Marina gasping and coughing]
[Roma panting]
We gave the comb back. [sobs]
- We gave the comb back.
- We were wrong.
It's not about the comb.
She needs something else.
She needs me.
[Olga coughs]
No... Rome!
[dramatic orchestral music]
Don't do it!
Stop!
[Marina groans]
Rome. Roma! [whimpers]
Rome!
[blow thuds]
[rain hissing]
[Lisa] Do you love me?
I do.
[Lisa] No!
[Roma gasping]
You love her!
[thunder rumbling]
- [door slams]
- [dramatic orchestral music]
Lisa Grigorieva. take the bride.
Give my brother back.
[Marina groaning]
Lisa Grigorieva. take the bride.
Give my brother back.
Olga.
Lisa Grigorieva. take the bride.
Give my brother back.
What's wrong with you?
She can't be killed. see?
She can't.
It's a life for a life.
Mom gave hers for Dad.
so you give yours for Roma.
Sorry.
Olga. Olga. please.
untie me. [moans]
- Olga. Olga.
- Lisa Grigorieva.
- Take the bride.
- Please. I'm begging you.
Give my brother back.
[water rumbling]
[Marina whimpering]
Olga. Olga. please. untie me.
[dramatic orchestral music]
I'm begging you. don't do this!
[Olga] Lisa Grigorieva.
take the bride!
Give my brother back.
[moans] Let me out of here!
You have to!
[water splashing]
Lisa Grigorieva. take the bride.
[Father] Olga!
This will not work.
Your mother
volunteered her life.
It can't be forced.
Get the hell back!
We can only feed
her with our love.
And then she turns
it into hatred.
Agony.
She wants us to suffer.
I was weak.
You are strong.
You're stronger than
any of us. dear.
You have your mother's
eyes. same eyes.
I won't leave Roma.
I won't leave him.
You don't have to.
[Olga sobbing]
[water splashes]
We'll find a way out. dear.
Forgive me.
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[Olga] Dad.
Dad!
[Marina whimpering]
I haven't seen you for so long.
Take me.
Leave them alone.
No. Dad.
I still love you.
[Marina whimpering]
[water splashes]
- [Dad gurgles]
- [Lisa shrieks]
[water splashing]
Dad! [grunts]
[hair hisses]
[Olga roars]
[Olga grunting]
[Lisa shrieking]
[hair hisses]
Dad. Dad. please!
- [water splashes]
- [Lisa roars]
[eerie synth music]
Rome. Roma!
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[rain hissing]
[panting] We were wrong.
It's not about the comb.
[Roma groaning]
Rome. her power is in her hair.
You need to cut it off.
do you hear me?
Just cut off her hair!
Rome. Rome!
Rome. Rome. Rome!
[Roma panting]
[Olga] A life for a life.
Mom gave hers for Dad.
[Marina] Give him back.
Take me. [whimpers]
[water splashes]
[suspenseful orchestral music]
[Marina screaming]
[Lisa shrieks]
[Roma gasping]
[Roma coughs]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[Marina panting]
[thunder rumbling]
[both panting]
Do you love me?
Of course.
[Lisa shrieking]
[Lisa sobbing]
[water splashing]
[intense orchestral music]
[Lisa gasping]
[water splashes]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[grunts] Hey!
Wake up.
Wake up!
No! [pants]
Please. I made it!
Please. I made it in time!
Wake up!
Breathe! [pants]
- [rain hissing]
- [water lapping]
[Marina coughing]
[Marina panting]
[engine rumbling]
[car roars]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[woman singing in
foreign language]
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm